#LyX 1.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 221
\textclass article
\language english
\inputencoding auto
\fontscheme default
\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\papersize Default
\paperpackage a4
\use_geometry 0
\use_amsmath 0
\use_natbib 0
\use_numerical_citations 0
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\quotes_times 2
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default

\layout Title

The PIDA user manual
\layout Author

Ali Afshar
\layout Section

Installation
\layout Subsection

Requirements
\layout Paragraph

Since Pida attempts at all times to use ready-made tools (rather than reinventin
g them) the list of requirements will depend on what you as the user want
 to do with Pida.
 The following serves as a guide.
\layout Itemize

Basic functionality
\begin_deeper 
\layout Paragraph

The following are required for basic functionality:
\layout Itemize

Vim (6.3+)
\begin_deeper 
\layout Paragraph

The text editor Vim, compiled with Grahical User Interface support using
 the X server.
\end_deeper 
\layout Itemize

Python (version 2.3+)
\layout Subparagraph

This is available at http://www.python.org/ or from your distribution.
 It is a reliable high-level language which you probably already have installed.
\layout Itemize

Python GTK2 Bindings (version 2.4+)
\layout Subparagraph

These are available at http://pygtk.org/ or more likely from your distribution.
 For use they will assume that GTK2 itself is installed.
 
\end_deeper 
\layout Itemize

Terminal Emulator
\begin_deeper 
\layout Paragraph

The following are required for terminal emulator functionality:
\layout Itemize

Python VTE Bindings
\layout Subparagraph

VTE is a programmable GTK terminal emulator widget which supports many nice
 functions.
 The Python bindings will depend on the VTE library being installed.
\end_deeper 
\layout Itemize

Python Features
\begin_deeper 
\layout Paragraph

The following are required for Python functionality
\layout Itemize

Bicycle Repair Man
\begin_deeper 
\layout Paragraph

Python refactoring tool.
 This is used for parsing and refactoring Python source files.
\end_deeper 
\layout Itemize

Python Profiler
\begin_deeper 
\layout Paragraph

Although this is part of the standard Python distribution, it is removed
 by some distributions, and may need to be obtained separately.
\end_deeper 
\end_deeper 
\layout Section

Use
\layout Subsection

Introduction
\layout Standard

Pida has two distinct modes of operation.
 They are embedded mode, and standard mode.
 In embedded mode, Pida will launch an embedded text editor, and only connect
 to that.
 In standard mode, Pida operates freely of any single text editor instance,
 and offers a list to connect to.
 It is recommended for those new to Vim and Pida, that embedded mode is
 preferable.
 In addition to the optional embedding, Pida will run with Vim in 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset 

evim
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset 

 mode, that is, emulating a standard Windows-style editor, and furthermore
 advanced Vim scripts such as Cream work happily with Pida.
 In order to set these functions it is recommended to launch the configuration
 editor on first running Pida, and set the required options.
\the_end
